Add support for SAML-based SSO (#46)
axiomhq/docs: reference/security.mdx

### Organizational security practices

Axiom’s commitment to security extends beyond technological measures to include comprehensive organizational practices. Axiom employees receive regular security training and follow stringent security requirements like encryption of storage and two-factor authentication.

> Axiom supports secure, centralized user authentication through SAML-based SSO and makes it easy to keep access grants up-to-date with support for the industry standard SCIM protocol.

Author: ```suggestion
Axiom supports secure, centralized user authentication through IdP-initiated flow for SAML-based SSO (identity-provider-initiated flow for Security Assertion Markup Language-based single sign-on). This makes it easy to keep access grants up-to-date with support for the industry standard SCIM protocol.
```

> Axiom supports secure, centralized user authentication through IdP-initiated flow for SAML-based SSO (identity-provider-initiated flow for Security Assertion Markup Language-based single sign-on). This makes it easy to keep access grants up-to-date with support for the industry standard SCIM protocol.

Author: ```suggestion
Axiom supports secure, centralized user authentication through IdP-initiated flow for SAML-based SSO (identity-provider-initiated flow for Security Assertion Markup Language-based single sign-on). This makes it easy to keep access grants up-to-date with support for the industry standard SCIM protocol. This feature is available for Enterprise customers upon request.
```

> Axiom supports secure, centralized user authentication through IdP-initiated flow for SAML-based SSO (identity-provider-initiated flow for Security Assertion Markup Language-based single sign-on). This makes it easy to keep access grants up-to-date with support for the industry standard SCIM protocol. This feature is available for Enterprise customers upon request.

Author: ```suggestion
Axiom supports secure, centralized user authentication through SAML-based SSO (Security Assertion Markup Language-based single sign-on). This makes it easy to keep access grants up-to-date with support for the industry standard SCIM protocol. Axiom supports both the flows initiated by the service provider and the identity provider (SP- and the IdP-initiated flows). This feature is available for Enterprise customers upon request.
```
